Logging In
  Simple as possible - Someone creates a game that has a GUID to be shared
  Players pick a username and connect to the GUID.  The player who started the session is
  given a button called "Start Game", to be pressed when all the players have joined

Start Game button
  This triggers the Bookend Creation

Bookend Creation
  Once the game is started a Modal form should appear that is fillable by the creator
  of the session.  It should have a field at the top for the "Name" of the history.
  It should contain two identical sections for the start and end of the game's history.
  These are REQUIRED fields to be filled, and the form should contain a quick blurb
  about suggested method of defining bookends (taken from the rules) At the bottom
  should be a submit button that is disabled until all fields are filled out. This
  button, when pressed, brings us to the Timeline View, and triggers "DEFINE PALETTE"

Timeline View
  This should contain the following sections:
    HEADER
      Elements:
        the name of the app
        the name of the History
        the session id and/or link to the session so more people can join
        Import/Export buttons
    PLAYER TRACKER
      Just a simple list of all players connected to the game, along with some
      identifying marker to allow all players to see whose "turn" it is - this should
      default at the beginning to the player who created the game, and be to the RIGHT of the player name
      Identifying "Lens" marker to show who the current Lens is, to the LEFT of the player name
    TIMELINE
      Should be a simple vertical or horizontal view (with the ability to switch between)
      Should have a line connecting the created Bookends Cards, and any Period Cards that
      may have been created up to this point.
      Should have a section at the top or left side called "CURRENT FOCUS"
    FOOTER
      Elements:
        "End Turn" button - should be disabled for players if it isn't their turn.  Clicking triggers "END TURN"
        "Start a Push" button - available to everyone.  Clicking triggers "PUSHING"
        "Palette" button - Clicking it shows a modal that lists all the Picks/Bans from "DEFINE PALETTE"
        "Legacies" button.  Clicking Triggers "LEGACY MANAGER"

CARDS
  Shared Features:
    Background Color (different for each)
    Title (some editable text description that turns to a label when done)
    Description (although they may call it something else)
    Delete Button (should have popup confirmation!!  Will delete all children!!)
    Type (should be a toggle-clickable circle that is black or white and toggles between)
  Types:
    Bookends
      Title is either "History Start" or "History End"
      DOESN'T HAVE A TYPE
    Periods
      Contains "Manage Events" button that triggers "EVENT MANAGER"
    Events
      Contains a "Period" Label containing the Title of the parent Period
      Contains "Manage Scenes" button that triggers "SCENE MANAGER"
    Scenes
      Contains an "Event" Label containing the Title of the parent Event
      Contains "Play Scene" button that triggers "SCENE PLAYER"
    Legacies
      TODO

DEFINE PALETTE
  2 columns, "Yes" and "No"
  "Continue" button that starts disabled.
  Players are allowed to add exactly 1 thing to 1 column
    Give them the ability to remove that item if they want (but not others peoples' items!)
  Each player has a "Skip" button that lets them opt out of this step
  When all players have added something OR clicked "Skip", the "Continue" button is enabled
  Clicking "Continue" triggers "FIRST PASS"

FIRST PASS
  Starting with the Lens, each player can add 1 Period or 1 Event.
  The Lens must start by adding a Period, anyone else can add one or the other.
  NO SCENES - Disable the "Add Scene" button on all events during this
  Players must click "End Turn" when they are done
  When the last player has clicked "End Turn", it auto-triggers the Lens' "TURN"

TURNS
  1) Modal asks the Lens "What should the Focus be?" with a text box to enter something, and a submit button
    The result should be places in the "Current Focus" section in the TIMELINE.
  2) For each player:
    They can choose to create a single Period, Event, or Scene
    The Lens can choose to do 1 of the following:
      a) Create a Period, then create an Event inside that Period
      b) Create an Event, then create a Scene inside that Event
      c) Create a single Period, Event, or Scene
  3) After all players have gone, the Lens takes another turn, following Step 2 again
  4) The player that went last (before the Lens) is allowed to add a new Legacy to the list
    This gets added to the LEGACY MANAGER list, for players to do what they like with
  5) The same player then defines an Event or a Scene for that Legacy
    - If it's a Scene, DO NOT go to "SCENE PLAYER"!  This is a "dictated" Scene
  6) The player AFTER the current Lens becomes the new Lens
  7) START OVER

END TURN
  A player can choose to end their turn after they have added at least 1 Period/Event/Scene
  Ending your turn moves the "turn" marker to the next person (NOT the Lens marker)

PUSHING
  A modal appears for a player and halts play
  Player submits a suggestion for Pushing into the text box and clicks "Submit"
    A "Cancel" button also exists to stop this all early and continue the game
  A dialog modal comes up containing the Voting mechanism:
    1) Players are allowed to suggest something in a text box, with "submit" and "skip" buttons
    2) When all players have clicked one of the buttons, it moves to voting:
    3) All the submitted ideas are listed
    4) Players are given 10 votes, to be divvied between 2 options (not all 10 must be used)
    5) a Player can submit maximum of 5 votes to a single option
    6) Players then click "Vote" when they are done
  When all players have clicked "Vote", the highest rated suggestion is highlighted
  the player who started the push can then close the vote, resuming the game for everyone

EVENT MANAGER

SCENE MANAGER

SCENE PLAYER

LEGACY MANAGER

Misc Actions
  Import/Export
    To avoid storing the data ourselves, we can allow for exporting a sessions data to,
    say, a JSON file.  Then you can IMPORT that JSON file in a new session and have it
    still have all the old data.  Since once a card is created, nobody owns it, we don't
    have to worry about correlating the data to a username.
